Boss, are you here?
piggy
Just take the secretary directly to the office
Remember to take special care
Tighten up you are my old friend
It's Mr. Lu
Tighten you up and let's go
This will be your office from now on
Are you all right?
No need for that fake mood
Has Lu Qixiu always been like this?
Just you can call Mr. Lu's party directly
Don't think he made you a project manager
How amazing
Someone like you who relies on beauty
I've seen a lot.
It didn't end well in the end
Manager Zhu, let's hand over the work first
Then you can go now that you are in position
Conspiracy
The last project manager didn't negotiate cooperation and got out
IF
You don't want to end up like him
Come to this room tonight at 8 o'clock
Someone is waiting for you